Ye Rulong, you have something to do with me
Don't hurt them.
You security guard
You figured it out
I thought I only needed to be behind women for the rest of my life.
Uncle, don't make trouble, it doesn't work
No one can save him today
Mom, can you help dad?
Help him when I just apologized and asked for forgiveness
Why don't you say help me?
Raise you so much for nothing
You underfed little white-eyed wolf
Ye Shao, I have something to say
The stinky girl is Ye Tianci's seed
Ye Shao, don't forget this little extermination!
Cutting weeds without removing roots
Spring breeze blows again
Li Xiuxia, are you still human?
How can you say such a thing?
So what?
Didn't you look cool just now?
What do you say now?
He wants Mengmeng's life
That's your fault too
Aren't you amazing?
If you have the kind, try again
Chu Ruoxi bicker for me
Noisy book headache
What are you doing?
Do you think I'm joking?
This is blood.
Is to die
Can you be more serious?
I see what you want
How long until
Two minutes faster
The shock of the hero's cooling is getting stronger and stronger